[
"Pain is just your brain's opinion of what's going on in your body.",
"Your brain will develop wherever you focus its attention.",
"When pain sets in and you feel fear or anxiety, that tells your brain that the pain is necessary.",
"Pain is created due to perceived dangerous. Change your perception.",
"Phantom limb pain. The perfect example of unnecessary pain that occurs in the majority of amputations.",
"Pain does not equal physical damage. It's an automatic protective mechanism for perceived dangers.",
"Laugh at, confront, embrace or even enjoy pain. Never fear it.",
"Pain shouldn't be treated as just a symptom. It's a condition in itself and your thoughts are the treatment.",
"Consider pain like an outside observer. Then use our pain management tools to switch it off.",
"By deciding what thoughts and emotions you have, you control your brain and body's chemistry.",
"Decide that you'll no longer let pain play out. That your conscious mind is able to and will control pain.",
"You are what you believe. Now believe you're stronger than yesterday.",
"Decide that you're no longer the person with persistent pain. Just decide and pain relief will follow.",
"Pain is a protective mechanism. If it's no longer protecting you, you need to tell it to stop. Literally.",
"Everyone has an ongoing internal dialogue. Control your self talk, control your brain, control the pain",
"The mind and body have an innate ability to heal themselves. Sometimes they just need a bit of guidance. Be determined and give your mind and body that guidance.",
"Discover your pain creating thoughts and behaviours. Then let's eliminate them.",
"Deep breathing is one of the most simple and direct routes to pain relief.",
"Pain is just a message from your body. You decide what to do with it.",
"Pain you probably enjoy: muscle pain after gym, a deep massage, and so on. Your perception of pain is everything.",
"When deep breathing, inhale energy and exhale pain.",
"Look forward to pain. You know it's not causing you damage. It just gives you a chance to practice our techniques.",
"Your conscious mind can influence your unconscious mind. Visualisations, affirmations and self talk are key.",
"Life will be so much better in every single way once you begin conquering your pain. Leave no doubt, you will get there.",
"You can have pain with absolutely zero damage to your body. It's up to you to use our tools to turn pain off.",
"Chronic pain sets us off on a journey where we learn so much about ourselves. Appreciate it.",
"Our body's protective mechanisms such as our pain system are designed for survival. As a result, fear and anxiety fuel pain.",
"The placebo effect is the perfect example of our brain having profound impacts on our body. Utilize this power.",
"Reassure your mind and body that you're not in any danger, and that will help to reduce pain.",
"Your brain is always developing. Use your brain power to develop only the thoughts and feelings you want to keep.",
"Develop an attitude. A brash confidence over your pain. Use that confidence to control the behaviour of pain.",
"Use chronic pain as a chance to learn more about yourself and improve in every single way.",
"Expect pain relief. Believe it's immeninent. Relief will have no choice but to follow.",
"Take a long hard look inwards and consider what thoughts and feelings might still be causing you pain. Then be determined in releasing those thoughts and feelings.",
"Remember, the strength you build by overcoming chronic pain will serve you for a lifetime.",
"Never consider yourself to be at the mercy of pain. It's your brain and body. Believe that you can control every element of it.",
"Stand confident. Breathe deep and believe in your strength. I promise your pain will back down.",
"To get better, you need to truly believe that you can be fixed. Understand that your body is creating this pain in response to stress, thoughts, feelings and pain habits.",
"Use chronic pain as a chance to uncover and unravel all the ongoing stresses in your life.",
"The way you think about pain will be the main factor in the way you experience pain.",
"If you think you're broken, you will expect and get pain. Believe in the healing ability of the body and expect pain relief.",
"Your pain can sometimes be a layer of protection from emotions that you don’t want to feel. To let go of pain, you need to let go of negative emotions.",
"Everything you do, and everything you don't do shapes your brain."
]